Cut v1.5.0 (#720)
prometheus/client_golang: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.5.0 / 2020-03-03

> * [FEATURE] promauto: Add a factory to allow autoregistration with a local registry. #713

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] promauto: Add a factory to allow auto registration with a local registry. #713
```
:thinking:

Author: In the doc comment, we use `auto-register` once, but the proper way is "automatic registration", which I'll do now.

Reviewer: Sorry for being picky ^^ I learned from the best.... (((:
